    try: 
        models = genai.list_models()  
        model_names = [model.name for model in models]  # Extracting model names  
        logging.info( "Available models: "  + ", ".join(model_names))  
    except  Exception as e: 
        logging.error( f"Error listing models: {e}") 
• Purpose : Lists all available models from the Google Generative AI library.  
• Steps : 
Page 47:
1. Retrieves a list of models using genai.list_models . 
2. Extracts the model names and logs them for reference.  
3. Handles errors during the process.  
• Key Logic : Helps developers understand what AI models are available for use.  
Function: get_clean_text  
python  
 
def get_clean_text (file_path ): 
    try: 
        with open (file_path, 'r', encoding= 'utf-8') as file: 
            text = file.read()  
        return  text 
    except  FileNotFoundError:  
        logging.error( f"File not found: {file_path} ") 
        return  None  
    except  Exception as e: 
        logging.error( f"Error reading file: {e}") 
        return  None  
• Purpose : Reads cleaned data from a file and returns it as a string.  
• Parameters : 
o file_path : The location of the file containing cleaned text.  
• Steps : 
1. Opens and reads the file content.  
2. Returns the content or handles file read errors by logging them.  
• Key Logic : Provides a single access point to retrieve the knowledge base for AI 
processing.  
Function: generate_embeddings  
python  
 
Page 48:
def generate_embeddings (content, chunk_size= 2000 ): 
    model_name = "models/text -embedding -004"  
    embeddings = []  
     
    for i in range (0, len(content), chunk_size):  
        chunk = content[i:i + chunk_size]  
        try: 
            chunk_embeddings = genai.embed_content(content=chunk, model=model_name)  
            embeddings.append(chunk_embeddings)  
        except  Exception as e: 
            logging.error( f"Error embedding content: {e}") 
            return  None  
 
    return  embeddings  
• Purpose : Generates embeddings for chunks of content using a text embedding model.  
• Parameters : 
o content : Text content that needs to be embedded.  
o chunk_size : The size of each chunk for processing (default is 2000 characters).  
• Steps : 
1. Splits the content into smaller chunks for embedding.  
2. Uses genai.embed_content  to generate embeddings for each chunk.  
3. Handles errors and logs any embedding failures.  
• Key Logic : Handles large content efficiently by processing in smaller parts.  
Function: generate_response  
python  
 
def generate_response (user_question, cleaned_text ): 
    try: 
Page 49:
        prompt = f"""Using the knowledge base, answer the following question: 
'{user_question} '. Here is the information: {cleaned_text} . try to be relevant and answer to 
some vague questions also. If you cannot find anything in the context document try to generate 
it by yourself.  
        If someone ask who are you then asnwer that you are the 'your onboarding buddy'.  
         Act professional and freindly but be sweet as the same time."""  
         
        response = model.generate_content([prompt])  
        return  response.text if hasattr (response, 'text') else "No response content found."  
    except  Exception as e: 
        logging.error( f"Error generating response: {e}") 
        return  "An error occurred while generating the response."  
• Purpose : Similar to app.py , generates a response based on user input but with a slightly 
different prompt. Handles onboarding scenarios as well.  
• Parameters : 
o user_question : The user's question.  
o cleaned_text : Knowledge base data.  
• Key Logic : Emphasizes user -friendliness and onboarding assistance.  
Function: main  
python  
 
def main (): 
    file_path = "C:/Users/mahan/OneDrive/Desktop/GenAIus/Preetha/AllCleanData.txt"  
    text = get_clean_text(file_path)  
    if not text: 
        print ("File not found or could not be read." ) 
        return  
 
    embeddings = generate_embeddings(text)  
    if embeddings:  
        print ("Embeddings generated successfully." ) 
Page 50:
    else: 
        print ("Failed to generate embeddings." ) 
• Purpose : Orchestrates the primary operations like reading the knowledge base and 
generating embeddings.  
• Steps : 
1. Retrieves cleaned text using get_clean_text . 
2. Generates embeddings for the content.  
3. Provides console output based on success or failure.  
• Key Logic : A high -level overview of essential backend processes.  
 
 
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Extracting text from PNG file: Screenshot 2024-10-15 121640.png

Quality & Quantity matched for
a seamless workforce

When it comes to staff augmentation, quality and quantity, in our opinion, go
in tandem. Through a database of internal talent, we have 10x faster access to a
pre-screened contractual workforce. We help companies manage their vendors
with the use of our own VMS system, which is dynamic, small, and economical,
enabling every industry to keep their contingent workforce in compliance with
international rules.

DISCOVER MORE

Market Reach

V (H &® A

40+ 700 + 50 + 2+

CLIENTS NICHE RESOURCES PROJECTS COUNTRIES

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Extracting text from PNG file: Screenshot 2024-10-15 121714.png

Our Services

We Offer a Wide
Variety of IT Services.

2

Contingent Staffing
Effective workforce mix for your
organization

Payroll Management
Managing your contingent
employee pay scherr

W@

Digital Transformation
Technological advancement
with the latest methodologies

Agile Transformation
Delegating teams to accelerate
your project based on agile
methodology

Career Development
Establishing objectives and
developing the abilities to
develop your career

Vendor Management

Services
Easing vendor manage
and compliances with
Crusource ®


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Extracting text from PNG file: Screenshot 2024-10-15 121913.png

About Us

We embark on a goal to combat the talent restrictions in this dynamic
global market by deploying an innovative and flexible workforce to provide
visibility and control, with a greater emphasis on cost savings and
workforce optimization. A worldwide consultancy that assists the world’s
most visionary changemakers in defining the future. We operate as one
team with our customers across 2 major economies to deliver amazing
outcomes, exceed the competition, and transform markets. To offer better,
quicker, and more durable results, we combine our sophisticated,
integrated knowledge with a thriving ecosystem of technology and people.

Our Vision

Assist businesses to thrive by matching the appropriate personnel to their
specific staffing and consulting needs in this technologically imperative
market, and help individuals establish satisfying careers. In all we do, we
adhere to the "Ethics First" philosophy.

Our Mission

Make ours and our clients’ workplace a place where people can grow and
create. Be a responsible corporate citizen and an engaged contributor to
the communities in which we live and work.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Extracting text from PNG file: Screenshot 2024-10-15 121959.png

Our Belief

As we commit to uplifting the global economy, we
believe these components fuel our success journey
demonstrate our
commitment to our clients. We believe in the

as we dedication and

vision, planning, and commitment for sustainable
growth.

Who We Are

What We Do?

Providing global
workforce solution that can diversify the workforce
mix. Our way of assisting our clientele has been

innovators with innovative

dynamic, deep diving into niche area resources
helping them attain the best from the market.

Our Commitments

Our Agenda

We strive towards giving opportunity and space to
our resources to learn, develop and grow, making
the global market a platform to flexible workforce
and providing career boosts to talents in this
dynamic market space.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Extracting text from PNG file: Screenshot 2024-10-15 122107.png

@ Fwc

Vendor Management
Our dedicated professionals specialize in revitalizing vendor management

processes to align seamlessly with your business objectives. We work
closely with clients to create tailored transformation roadmaps.

+ Learn More

Contingent Staffing
Cost-effective and flexible alternative to hiring permanent workers. Opt for

contract workers instead of permanent hires to sidestep payroll taxes,
benefits, insurance, and mandated labor expenses.

+Learn More

Software Development
We offer software outsourcing tailored to client requirements, setting up

teams to develop products either remotely or on-site, for both business and
technical needs.

+Learn More

HOME ABOUT US

Cloud Transformation

We specialize in seamless cloud migration, ensuring efficient, secure, and
cost-effective transitions. Let us optimize your infrastructure and unlock the
full potential of cloud technology for your business growth.

+Learn More

Digital Transformation

We identify both the challenges and possibilities brought by digital
disruption, assess your preparedness to tackle then head-on, and
meticulously craft a comprehensive digital transformation plan.

+Learn More

Design Al Tools.
Develop, implement and manage Al-driven products to enhance

connectivity and efficiency. Align your business goals and drive growth with
our expert consulting services.

+Learn More

SERVICES INDUSTRIES INSIGHTS CAREERS CONTACT

Agile Transformation

We implement agile methodologies designed to foster rapid responses to
New opportunities and challenges. This approach significantly elevates
productivity, enhances customer satisfaction, and ensures adaptability.

+Learn More

IT Augmentation

‘Our comprehensive approach ensures that you receive precisely what you
need, whether it’ skilled professionals to bolster your workforce or experts
with niche capabilities to elevate your project to new heights.

+Learn More

Cybersecurity Services

In partnership with leading cybersecurity providers, we offer robust
cybersecurity services designed to counter the ever-evolving threats posed.

+Learn More

o
a
ie]
®
oO
ir
©
ie)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Extracting text from PNG file: Screenshot 2024-10-15 122140.png

@ Fwc

Service

tingent Staffing

IT Team

ugmentation

Agile Transformation

Digital Transformation

Vendor Management

Cloud Transformation

tware Development

Cyber Security

About Us

ictions in this dynamic
ible work

global market by

ABOUT US

Follow Us
f © x @

Categories

HOME

Fintech

Our fintech consulting expertise integrates the agility of a start-up with the
advantages of working with one of the world's most data-driven,
experienced, and skilled enterprises. Our experts have planned, built, and
implemented end-to-end digital capabilities for some of the world’s
leading banks and fintech businesses in markets across the globe.
Furthermore, we are the world's leading adviser to growth equity investors,
having advised on about 80% of recent financial services and fintech
transaction activityOur fintech consultants
interdisciplinary expertise, allowing our firm's interdisciplinary expertise,

leverage our firm's

which allows us to handle every aspect of the value chain, from strategy to
acquisition to post-merger integration and execution. Our development
team will assist you at every stage of your new venture's launch, beginning
with establishing the value

ABOUT US

SERVICES INDUSTRIES INSIGHTS CAREERS

Banking

We have assisted our customers in developing and implementing
strategies for new digital business models, escalating competition, and
evolving laws in hundreds of worldwide banking consulting projects. Our
banking consulting teams have unmatched knowledge of IT,
organizational effectiveness, mergers & acquisitions, and many other
aspects of the sector. We are prepared to act as your trusted advisor
whether you want to adopt agile methods at scale or investigate the
newest developments in machine learning.

CONTACT

x
o
o

a

ie]
®
oO

ir
g
)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Extracting text from PNG file: Screenshot 2024-10-15 122646.png

Retail

Our hiring staff and consulting experience guarantee that
Welll assist our clients in navigating upheaval,
leadership posit agility
crucial.Businesses in the food, beverage, personal care, durable goods, luxury goods, clothes
and footwear, leisure items, over-the-counter pharmaceuticals, and other industries are

1 clients are industry leaders.
anticipating risks, and maintaining their

and

Sa consumer intimacy be

among our clients. Our extensive ecosystem of best-in-class partners and the depth of our
knowl

kills allow us to create strong solutions that are specifically tailored to e:
client's requirements.

Insurance

Insurance companies are one of the booming industries in the market. We have assisted with
more than 5 large insurance domai

ransforming their workforce mix. The future of linking
the VMS product with these domains is under evaluation. Insurance playing a vital role in the
market requires backend engineers who can process high-speed data We help these
ompanies by setting up teams and individuals for the project .d on ERP. SAP and soon

Technology

The tech i

istry is one of the most dynamic and consequential sectors

our global
economyWe collaborate with clients in the storage, components and peripherals, IT services,
as well as every other area of the IT industry. Additionally,
private equity and telecommunications supports our technology practise. Market
benefit from stance with workforce planning, gh the VMS

mance, enhanced cybersecurity, and cost savings.
on how to scale up their organizations for the added
ming enter

1 fir's extensive expertise in
leaders

ntrol

platform, increased organizational per
We educate developing businesse:
-omplexity that c¢
to revamp their personnel mix

mes with expansio

and we instruct underpe’

LIFE

INSURANCE


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Extracting text from PNG file: Screenshot 2024-10-15 122723.png

@ Fwc

P.Mohan | Global Director Insights
